Webservice product az (#1703)
PrestaShop/docs: webservice/tutorials/testing-webservice-postman.md

- Update Product (`PUT` and `PATCH`)
- Delete Product (`DELETE`)

> ## Create Product from A to Z example (demo_product_creation_AZ.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a product from start to finish with Webservices (demo_product_creation_AZ.json)
```

> This collection illustrates how to create a product from A to Z with all of its attachements (Brand, Category, Manufacturer, Pictures, ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This collection illustrates how to create a product from A to Z with all of its relations (to Brand, Category, Manufacturer, Images, etc.)
```
